why hello there everybody and welcome to
the second part of the Kaiser review /
tranny on this time I'll be training
from level 30 to 60 to get a second job
and some good training spots for this or
prefer for the first thing from about 30
to 40 maybe mushroom marketing Empire
and 40 to 50 i would say these cds
kerning city where some ice cream it
tips or if you're in GMS scarecrows are
good if you go like inside of the
turning a city shopping center like up
there on the portal right there of the
left and you can get to a pretty night
train spot as well and for the skills of
this of this job oh i forgot to make a
very like record exactly what it is so
i'll just read them off right here I got
a little paid for first of all we have
dragon / one it's plus thirty percent
damage to the dragon / so that's always
nice and Reggie's lecture scarce
anything it's pretty solid back and we
have impact wave it does two hundred
fifty fifty percent damage time the two
times on up to eight monsters and yeah
it's withdrawal to recover HP because
one of the passives of Kaiser so it's
very useful for recovering your HP when
you need to and also that's quite a bit
damaged and then we have piercing ways
to rush with two hundred fifty percent
damage it has eight print chance to stun
and the stones for two seconds so it's a
good skill for Dashon so yeah and now I
I'm killing this boss so I can and
because it was a quest and well yeah we
also have templates some three swords
clicking clicking on the scale button to
order the swords attack it does three
hundred percent damage times 3 / sword
and it it is 20
cool down so yeah it's pretty solid
attack and then we have more Skills we
have laid on it gives u + 20 tak power
bus to attack speed and its duration is
21 204 second set max all skills they
redirect now I forgot know that they are
at max rank so yeah well don't worry
because you will be able to max all
skills in this draw all skills in every
product job on kaiser so don't worry
about what or two max if you are not
sure about that but then well then sword
mastery it gives those fifty percent to
and its own master which is pretty nice
for that's a 4am and yeah and then we
have inner place it gives post when
strength and the plus twenty percent HP
its own nice mix of offense and defense
HP is always good strength is always
good so yeah and then we have the first
enchantment to defend remove the
funderbolt one it gives put it makes it
so that the defender mode gives instead
of the old things kind of three sets but
it instead gives 100 def defence 100
magic defense 100 accuracy and ten
percent HP yes and then we have a tech
mode one which is the first enchantment
to attacker mode it gives plus five
attack plus two percent crit chance and
two percent damage to present extra
damage business bosses which is oh it's
nice for Boston oh that there's better
skills better than with default about
the training for this part 4 levels
fifty to sixty one nice thing to do is
train at the audience at the desert oh
I'm taking a question yeah and the
Orient desert is pretty good I mean it's
a sometime you will miss a lot but the
defender boat to be quite useful for
that because it gives a cuisine
so yeah man I'm oh I'm still using my
level 10 equipments worth with the armor
so yeah I you should have no problems
right whatsoever all right some nice
turn tips or yeah twist adjusters if
your ingenious it's a really good they
gave a lot of it XP but if you don't act
with gesture this is real nice strange
but and let's see here we also have the
one more oh right then and that's turn
ative for the kerning city square is
also truckers in the was it called the
cigna poor place singapore and also you
an attachment for this could be tiptoes
there a better level but they get quite
good XP and see I don't really think
there's a lot more good alternatives not
probably a lot up cover more but right
now I can think of right now yet most
part most looks really great it's real
nice for training but yeah it's pretty
much it I don't have much more saying we
should probably try hair long time and
there are made my job as math and put
some there's a lot of scales but they
will be reviewed in the next video well
Oh see you that but